punishment
Lin Wenwen, he is a waste
I slander, I slander.
We've slandered enough today, what can you do?
You who are an adulterer must have the consciousness of being an adulterer
He got on the pole and ran over to scold himself
Then we will fulfill you
Sure enough, it was a shooter
Then Lin Wenwen's skin is thicker than the city wall
You too.
Your little shit with Lin Wenwen
It's already spread outside
He sacrificed himself to you to please you
Humph
It's okay if you hang out with your own students
You lied to protect him
Said he was recommended to the Olympics
A shameful person like you
Do you deserve to be a coach too?
Ah!
Hey, you bunch of scumbags
Fear photo message slander me smell me
It doesn't make any sense.
Oops, what is the village chief talking about with them?
Hurry up and get this bitch Lin Wenwen
Give it to Li Ergou
Don't let Li Ergou know then
Lin Wenwen, this bitch, does all this shit
He doesn't want you to say
To you
Heartless
Ask this bitch to take Li Ergou's house
Let Li Ergou hurry up and deal with him
Tell him to turn off this bitch
Lest he hook up outside
Hey, don't go